hi and welcome simply peace calm today
we're taking a look at the red mutiny
helmet as you can see it's got a nice
sleek low-profile design to it making it
ideal for the snowboarding market of
course you can use if you're going
skiing as well so you look in a bit more
detail you've got a durable injected ABS
shell so it's nice and safe very
protected while she got this on also got
a ridge at the front once keeps on that
sunlight out and two is designed to go
with the vents as you can see underneath
there so it's going to attract all the
air bring it underneath obviously flow
the air free events you don't wish to
use these you can simply close them up
with the shutters on either side what
was designed to do is when you've got
your goggles on if you have got the
adjacent venting on the top of the
goggle the air is going to go through
that through the goggle and obvious keep
nice ventilation inside the goggle and
stop near that condensation from
occurring it was just make it nice and
breathe my she got this on so take a
look at the bank I've got the usual
goggle clip as you can see nice a simple
design simply pulled it up put your
google trap for you there and pick it
down into place you see you got a nice
thick bit of rubber at the bottom there
just make sure if you have got gloves on
it's not a problem and saying look
underneath got the usual chinstrap very
soft and brushed material nice and
padded as well to make sure it's not
going to catch on the later chin and
again a nice thick buckle there's to
make sure it's nice and easy to get this
on an awful if you've got gloves on and
looking inside you've got plenty of
padding all the way around make sure
it's nice and comfortable she got this
on you've also got extra padding on the
ear pads as you can see there around the
back just make sure again it can be up
most comfort when you've got this on and
take a look at the side this is always
your audio compatible as well she just
got a little a zip there let's pull this
down it does go all the way around it
simply fit whatever audio device
headphones except that you've got in
there zip it up lovers can be on your
way and listen to your music freely and
just turn it on its side it is also
removable from the ear pads so we don't
wish to use them you can simply pull
them out like so take them off and if
you do is to use them all so you just
put them back in nice and simple as that
overall it's a great helmet there from
red please take a look at simply peace
calm
you